## Class 01

Introduction to English Class

Reading the PDF document

:: Self Diagnosis ::

1- Have you ever studied English?

Yes but not at any academic level other than high school (that is very basic). Most of what I've learned was by myself.

2- How long have you studied English? Where?

I had also a very introducing English class at Communications School, but it was only one language exam.

3- How would you rate your English proficiency?
A) Beginner B) intermediate C) advanced

C) advanced

4- Are you a good reader in your own language?

Yes

:: Diagnostic Reading ::

1) Name the four basic components of a computer system:

1. A CPU
2. Memory such as RAM memory
3. Input devices such as keyboard or a mouse
4. Output devices such as a monitor or a printer

2) What component of a computer is considered the "brain" of a computer?

Answer: The CPU

3) Select an item that would be used as output device on a computer system:

Answer: Monitor

4) Select an item that would be used as an input device on a computer system:

Answer: keyboard

Label the computer parts:

Answer: Mouse, monitor, keyboard, printer

teacher please update your system

---

:: Unit 2 ::

g. Power suply
f. Memory chips
d. Speaker
a. CPU Processor
c. DVD
b. Expansion cards
h. Hard disk
e. Motherboard

1. SIMMS (memoria ram)
2. CPU
3. Cache
4. expansion slots
5. ROM

2)

1. c- Remove the old motherboard
2. a- add the processor
3. e- Add the memory
4. b- Fit the new motherboard
5. d- Put it back together

3)

1. Put the disk into the drive
2. Start the virus checking program.
3. Select drive to be checked.
4. Click the Find button.
5. Don't exit the program until the check is complete.
6. Select Yes or No for checking another disk.

4)

1) If you want to build a computer..

2) First, determine the function...

3) Second, find a processor that is..

4) Third, get a motherboard..

5) After that, find memory RAM..

6) Then get a hard drive..

7) Next, pick up a case..

8) Last but not least, choose a retailer...


::: 

5)

First,

1. Put the disk into the drive

Second,

2. Click the start button

Third,

3. Choose Format from the drop-down menu.

After that you can 

4. Choose the formatting options you require.

Next,

5. Select OK to start formatting the disk.

Finally,

6. Click the OK button when formatting is complete.


:: Ports ::

1 keyboard: a
2 COM1: c
3 parallel port: d
4 video port: f
5 serial: e
6 USB: g

---

1. It refers to the Microchip so it's the CPU
2. It's talking about the mouse
3. The monitor wich displays the output.
4. It's talking about the printer
5. It's talking about the Webcam
6. It refers to the keyboard

---

1 c
2 b
3 d
4 a

---

2.2 Diagram

Software

Hardware

CPU

RAM

ROM

Peripherals

Input devices

Output devices

Storage devices


2.4 Diagram

Input

Processing

Output

Storage


Computer output is the visible or aduble result...

Processing includes functions ...

storage

Input

:: Refers to guia :: 

Is a computer an electronic machine that accepts, processes, stores and outputs information?
Are peripherals the physical units attached to the computer?
Is the CPU the heart of the computer?
Were the first computers huge and costly?
Was the PC in our office out of order?

:: Other meanings ::

1- El robot casero valía unos 5 mil dólares.
2- Las cintas magnéticas medían una pulgada y media, tres cuartos de pulgada y una pulgada de ancho.
3. Hace frío aquí.
4. Siempre llegamos temprano a nuestras clases.
5. No van a modificar aspectos técnicos de la tecnología de almacenamiento.
6. Estoy por bajar este programa.
7. Qué edad tiene UMIVAC I? Tiene unos 60 años
8. Qué tan alto es el robot?

Atrás de la computadora hay puertos donde enchufar dispositivos externos

:: Exercise 3 ::

Turn the following sentences into the negative form:

1. There aren't many programming languages.
2. There were not three ports at the back of the computer.
3. There is not a fault in the central processor.
4. There was not an error in the program.
5. There is not a cheap printer in the store round the corner.